Add the ability to get the CWD of the foreground process on OpenBSD. (#8736)
alacritty/alacritty: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Brief error popup when saving the config file with some editors

> - Hint commands on OpenBSD now run with their CWD set to that of the shell's foreground process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Subprocesses on OpenBSD now run with their CWD set to that of the shell's foreground process.
```

This also applies to key bindings and other commands spawend by Alacritty.
